billionaire investor Bill Ackman ringing
the alarm in an explosive interview
earlier today on CNBC Hackman saying the
only cure for the corona virus is for a
worldwide shutdown if you missed it
here's just part of what he said until a
vaccine is manufacturer distributed and
injected we will go through a
depression-era period in the country
take a look at Hilton stock it's going
to zero ok along with every other hotel
company because every Hotel is going to
be shut down the only answer for the
world is to shut the world for 30 days
the hotel industry and the restaurant
industry will go bankrupt first Boeing
is you know on the brink okay Boeing
will not survive without a government
bailout we have to shut the borders okay
and then thirty days later the virus is
gone in America largely gone in America
and then we have to be careful okay for
the next 12 to 18 months until we have a
vaccine the other way we save lives is
by saving the economy the US Treasury
does not have enough money to bail out
every company you can borrow your what
that's a problem you can't lend your way
out of the war you got to kill the virus
the closest I had was financial crisis
where I'm saying you know things are
causing some bad stuff coming but this
was a feeling like I've never had like
there's a tsunami coming corporate
America is in shutdown right now okay it
just doesn't know it yet the White House
is now responding to Bill Ackman's
comments let's bring in Scott Walker
with more on the interview and their
response and I guess what's going on
right now behind the scenes at the White
House that's right Brian thank you Eamon
Jabir's our colleague asked the White
House about Bill Ackman's comments
earlier today and they responded with
the following and I'll quote this is
from a White House official as president
Trump has said we are going to ensure
that we take care of all Americans
including affected industries and small
businesses and that we emerge from this
challenge stronger and with a prosperous
and growing economy so that's the word
from the White House tonight I should
also tell you Brian that Forbes is out
with a story this evening saying that
Bill Ackman called blacks
don't to apologize for some of his
comments made broadly about private
equity and how private equity would go
bankrupt because its portfolio companies
would go bankrupt
Ackman apparently according to Forbes
calling Blackstone to apologize for
those comments and saying that he is
buying those shares tonight I haven't
independently confirmed that but that's
what Forbes is reporting tonight amazing
thoughts from from Ackman today some
taking them as a too alarmist scaring
people blaming him for causing even more
selling on Wall Street others tonight
suggesting that his call is right that
the government does need to do more
it was certainly talked about throughout
the day today he sought to clarify what
he was saying at points after our
interview going back on Twitter today
and suggesting that he is still positive
on the market he said he was buying a
lot of stocks he's long America
he just says it's predicated on the fact
of the government doing even more than
it's doing now he thinks that it will
and that will come out better on the
other side so whereas some took his
comments as you know a doomsday scenario
and I can understand why some people
would certainly take it that way he is
out saying today and tonight that he is
long the market he thinks there's going
to be a massive bounce once this is all
over and that's the reason why he was
buying stock right yeah Scott it
certainly got a lot of attention I know
you'll talk more about it but I believe
on the special Scott Walker thank you
very much thanks bye well let's bring in
Dan Nathan Dan your reaction to the
Ackman's comments I mean is it you know
he'll to come well listen I mean we're
already feeling he'll we're seeing
financial markets all over the world
they have crashed effectively right and
so if you're looking at what also has
gone on from the health and humanitarian
crisis it seems a bit hell for a lot of
people out there certainly people in
China that were locked down months ago
certainly people in Italy and now in
other parts of Europe I just say this I
mean I saw that interview as amazing
Scott has brought on some amazing
amazing guests very influential people
investors people in corporate America
over the last couple of months and I
think this was just a disaster what
would he had to say here during market
hours
I thought it was particularly alarmist I
think he kind of placed tremendous
amount of emphasis on what is likely to
be a very low probability outcome that's
a and B I just think that the federal
government other than the US Federal
Reserve has not even done anything yet
okay so the fact that he's gone from
zero to like you know a thousand in such
a short period of time I thought it was
particularly alarmist I don't think it's
particularly helpful I think if you're
tuning in to CNBC to get a sense for
what's going on with the markets what's
going on with the economy I don't think
that those opinions are particularly
useful if you're looking for how to kind
of weather this humanitarian and health
crisis then don't listen to guys like
Bill Ackman okay I mean here's a guy
who's you know invested in the markets
that is his business that's how he's
made his millions or billions or however
many he's got and he sounded like a guy
who was really worried about his funds
going to zero certainly some of the
investments in it so listen I I don't
you know I don't know a guy I'm not I
don't mean to take any shots at him I
thought it was entirely inappropriate
for what he had to say on the network
today and I think that investors if
you're looking for some guidance on the
economy and in on your investments in
particular I just think you want to stay
away from views like that I think you
want to unfollow people like him on
Twitter okay be honest with you and and
in stay tuned okay well a god you know
many strong points of view on that you
know maybe he'll call in who knows but
dan was there you know we had these not
to this level because we didn't have a
health threat no.8 but yeah but we had
these kinds of big statements that were
made sort of near the bottom often and
you know no.8 and today had this kind of
weird feel to it as well do you feel
like we are inching towards some kind of
a bottom not asking you to call it yeah
well just feels like we're getting these
kind of big statements and we I said
this to you last night Sully you know I
can think back to other periods like
this where markets have crashed and
there are some fierce bear market
rallies off loes in 2001 there were two
20% rallies in that year that failed
they made new lows in 2002 there was a
20% rally that failed there was a new
low before we bottomed 2008 there was
some similar sort of price action so
there will
not be a v-bottom people I mean I'm just
telling you that right now we've had one
month 30% decline in the S&P 500 when
you look back at the past to market
crashes in oh one two oh two and then
you look at oh seven 209 it took two
years for the market to bottom in each
town now what's unique about this is the
velocity and the time in which we've
sold off but it doesn't mean that we're
gonna have a V reversal it's gonna still
take some time here so for all those
people trying to call a bottom saying
it's the buying opportunity of the
century I think you better understand if
you're buying now there is very likely
to be lower lows and you better be
comfortable with further losses from
here
you